# Angular-task
In front end (Angular) you should have 2 main pages. One for table of users and the other one a list of cards. So in first page you should have a table of users with edit and delete buttons in each row. - when clicking on delete button a confirmation modal should popup with Yes and No buttons. If clicking No that modal should be closed. When clicking Yes modal should be closed and that row should be deleted. - when clicking edit button a modal should be opened with a form and with that row data filled in it. After amending data that you want and clicking Save button that should exist in that modal, modal should be closed and row data should be changed.  In that page another button with Add label should exist. When clicking on it a modal should be opened with empty form in it. After filling all required data in it and clicking Save button, that modal should be closed and new row should be added in table.  In second page(cards page) you should show list of cards(like in Cards exercise). So there should be header with Add and Sort buttons in it. When clicking on Add in list should be added a random number in new card that is generated in backend. When clicking on Sort all cards in list should be sorted depend on they're numbers. On each card there should be X button that will delete that card from list  Also create a Node js project with controllers and routers(simple one without Parse). In project you should have 2 simple CRUD routers. One for users and one for cards. So for users you should have 4 routes(GET, POST, PUT, DELETE) And for cards you should have 4 routes(GET, POST, PUT, DELETE) For storing users and cards you can use simple arrays. Users should contain this fields(id, name, surname, age, gender) Cards should contain this fields(id, number)  If you want to store them in DB that is your choice
